
REFLCOEF  displacement reflection coefficients at a planar interface
          and reflectivity modeling for P incident on anisotropic media 
          (up to monoclinic) having a horizontal symmetry plane.

Two main routines, ReflCoef_az.m and ReflCoef_slw.m, allow to compute
exact PP-, PS1-, and PS2-wave reflection coefficients (Rpp, Rps1 and
Rps2), PS1 always being the faster (and PS2 the slower) reflected
PS-wave. The reflection coeffifients can be computed for a single
horizontal interface or a stack of horizontal layers. The layers and
the surrounding halfspaces can posses the following symmetries:
isotropic, VTI, HTI, orthorhombic and monoclinic. All the layers can
be arbitrarily rotated along vertical (z) axis.

ReflCoef_ang.m allows to compute the reflection coefficients as
functions of phase incidence angle and azimuth.

ReflCoef_slw.m allows to compute the reflection coefficients as
functions of x- and y- component of the incident-wave slowness vector.

NOTE:
The programs above allow to compute the reflection coefficients in
both sub- and over-critical regions (i.e., the relf. coefficients can
be complex). However, only elastic medium (real stiffnesses Cij)
should be considered.	

To run the codes, get into Matlab environment and type ReflCoef_ang or
ReflCoef_slw on the command line. You will need the model
input file (model.in) in your current directory, as well as all the
subroutines.

%%%%%%%%% input/output files %%%%%%%%%%%%

model.in
--------

This file specifies the model in the ollowing format:

N ... number of layers [=0 for a single interface]
rho1... density of the first layer/halfspace (in g/cm3)
c11 c12 c13 c16 c22 c23 c26 c33 c36 c44 c55 c66 ... density-normilizes
                                                    stiffnesses (in [km/s]^2)
azim ... rotation of the halfspace around z-axis (in deg)

This set of values is repeated for each leayr, concluding by the
second halfspace.

model.out 
--------- 
Each line of the file (associated with one [incidence-angle;azimuth]
pair) contains information about x- and y- slowness vector components
of the incident P-wave (and, of course, reflected PP-, PS1-, and
PS2-waves), incidence phase angle, phase azimuth, PP-, PS1- and
PS2-wave reflection coefficients, x-, y- and z- components of the
polarization vectors of PS1- and PS2-waves, and z-components of the
slowness vectors of the reflected PP-, PS1- and PS2-waves:

[slowness_x_component; slowness_y_component; inc_angle; azimuth; Rpp;
Rps1; Rps2; PS1polar_vector_x; PS1polar_vector_y; PS1polar_vector_z;
PS2polar_vector_x; PS2polar_vector_y; PS2polar_vector_z;
PPslowness_z_component; PS1slowness_z_component,
PS2slowness_z_component],

angle.out
---------
This file is an auxiliar file containing pairs [incidence angle;
azimuth] for which the reflection coefficients were computed. The file
is used for testing purposes, and can be used by a different program
computing reflecton coefficients at the same points for comparison
(such as to compute approximate reflection coefficients using
appropriate programs).

Singular.out
------------
This file is generated only if an S-wave singularity (in case of
anisotropic media) occurs, resulting in incorrect S-wave polarization
vectors evaluation. The computation is terminated and the information
about the singular point is provided in this file (in
self-exmplanatory text form).
